what a weekend remember out last week
there was a woman testifying in front of
Congress and Donald Trump being the
stable genius we know he has decided to
go on Twitter and attack her in writing
and then everyone including a lot of his
supporters said that was a very wrong
thing to do well guess what yesterday
Tweety Gonzalez pulled out his little
orange thumbs and and he did it again
this time he attacked a woman who works
for Mike Pence currently her name is
Jennifer Williams she's a special
adviser to the vice president
she was also listening in on Trump's now
infamous call with the president of
Ukraine there were more people on this
call and there weren't his inauguration
but so in her closed-door testimony
Williams says Trump specifically
mentioned the name of the Ukrainian
company hunter Biden worked for it's
called BER yzma but that was emitted
from the transcript the White House
released you know the one the president
keeps selling cerebro turns out maybe
that transcript has been sanitized for
his protection Trump of course as soon
as he heard this went right on the tach
he called this woman who works again for
his vice president a never Trump er it's
like calling the Hamburglar a vegetarian
it's ridiculous she is scheduled to
testify publicly tomorrow and that'll be
interesting bur yzma is a word you don't
forget is a sounds like a disease that
makes you put your cat to sleep it's not
something that comes up in normal
conversation I don't know if this has
anything to do with that but the other
big story this weekend was the president
made an unplanned unannounced trip to
the hospital the staff at Walter Reed
Hospital has given no advance notice of
the president's visit which is unusual
usually they're all told in advance the
sounds of me like maybe the old fellas
pregnant it's possible but anyway but so
you know the president loves to talk
about how healthy he is and how slow and
tired everyone else is this visit chips
away at that but there was a perfectly
good reason for it at least according to
White House press secretary Stephanie
Grisham who had not at all suspicious
sounding explanation for a curious
Jeanine Pirro I understand what
a scheduled annual visit can you tell us
what it was yeah absolutely we've got a
really busy year ahead as you can
imagine and so the president decided to
go to Walter Reed and kind of get a head
start with some routine checkups as part
of his annual exam that's all it was is
very routine we had a down day today and
so he made the decision to head there
they had a down day every day is a down
day this is Trump's real schedule for
today for Monday we did not alter this
for comic effect first thing he had for
the day was an intelligence briefing at
2:00 p.m. and then a meeting with the
Secretary of State at 4:15 now that's it
then back to the couch to watch Fox News
it's the Dolphins at SeaWorld have
busier schedules than our president but
go on what's the rest of the health
story and there's no truth to the rumors
that it was something else because the
rumors are flying oh the rumors are
always flying absolutely not he is
healthy as can be I put a statement out
about that
he's got more energy than anybody in the
White House that man works from 6:00
a.m. until you know very very late at
night he's doing just fine you know you
know Stephanie he's he's almost
superhuman he's faster than a tweeting
bullet he's up he's able to bankrupt all
buildings in a single bound
the president of course shared an update
on his health on Twitter he wrote
visited a great family of a young man
under major surgery at the amazing
Walter Reed Medical Center those are
truly some of the best doctors anywhere
in the world also began phase one of my
yearly physical everything very good
great well complete next year but next
year
phase one was this week in phase two is
next it was this a physical or a kitchen
remodel this doesn't this probably won't
be good for Trump's health he now
president now claims he might want to
testify in front of Congress himself in
the impeachment inquiry which is a lie
but that doesn't mean he didn't tweet it
this morning he wrote stick with me on
this are crazy do nothing where's us MCA
infrastructure lower drug pricing and
much more Speaker of the House nervous
Nancy Pelosi who is petrified but her
radical left knowing she will soon be
gone they and fake news media are her
boss suggested on Sundays D Face the
Nation clever that I testify about the
phony impeachment witch-hunt she also
said I could do it in writing even
though I did nothing wrong and don't
like giving credibility to this no due
process hoax
I like the idea and will in order to get
Congress focused again strongly
considerate it's quite up
that's quite a sentence 12 high school
English teachers killed themselves after
hating that time but the gist is the
president claims he will strongly
consider testify I mean he won't testify
that will never happen but he will do
some very strong considering of it may
be the strongest no one considers more
strongly than Donald Trump
they say he's almost superhuman you know
the only thing he ever strongly
considers is original or extra-crispy
that's it and by the way hours after
Trump floated this idea of providing
testimony the house launched an
investigation into whether he lied in
his testimony to Special Counsel Robert
Muller
I hope he testifies in / I really did it
would be it would be so much fun to see
all the Republicans in that chamber
barking and wagging their tails when
their owner walks in one day on the
Democratic side of things Joe Biden's
doing everything he can to remind us
that he is a very old person Joe Biden
says that if elected he will not
legalize marijuana federally because he
thinks it might be a gateway drug that's
correct it is a gateway drug to not
getting the Democratic nomination for
president
but he says there needs to be more
research done and it does lead to other
things I mean first you tried marijuana
then you that leads to sarsaparilla
which leads to black licorice which
leads to goofballs to poppers to
malarkey next thing you know you're
selling your body for Werther's
Originals it's a slippery slope but the
idea that we need to do more study on
this they've already done a study like
for the last 80 years you know that we
know marijuana isn't a gateway drug
Willie Nelson isn't a crackhead has a
house end of study hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel
and this is the Internet I made it
myself
hit subscribe if you liked it